Add nixos-infect (#169)
nix-community/awesome-nix: README.md

## Installation Media

* [nixos-generators](https://github.com/nix-community/nixos-generators) -  Take a NixOS config and build multiple different images types including VirtualBox VMs, Azure images, and installation ISOs.

> * [nixos-infect](https://github.com/elitak/nixos-infect) - Install NixOS on non-NixOS hosts.

Reviewer: Should probably note:
1. [It's for Linux hosts](https://github.com/elitak/nixos-infect#tested-on)
2. It'll replace their current host, not give them some frankenstein combo of the two.

```suggestion
* [nixos-infect](https://github.com/elitak/nixos-infect) - Replace a running non-NixOS Linux host with NixOS.
```
